\# Copyright (C) 1999-2011, 2013-2020 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\#
\# This document is dual-licensed.  You may distribute and/or modify it
\# under the terms of either of the following licenses:
\#
\# * The GNU General Public License, as published by the Free Software
\#   Foundation, version 3 or (at your option) any later version.  You
\#   should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\#   along with this program.  If not, see
\#   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\#
\# * The GNU Free Documentation License, as published by the Free
\#   Software Foundation, version 1.2 or (at your option) any later
\#   version, with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
\#   Back-Cover Texts.  You should have received a copy of the GNU Free
\#   Documentation License along with this program.  If not, see
\#   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\#
\# This documentation created by Nicholas Christopoulos for yj project.
\# Thanks guys I was need it.
\#
\# Please check this project <https://github.com/nereusx/md2roff>
\# to create man pages easily from markdown.
\#
\# Linux groff format (not good) -> man groff_man
\#.do mso man.tmac
\#
\# BSD groff format (much better, if works) -> man groff_mdoc
.do mso doc.tmac
\# both cases will work on Linux... well it should (tested on slackware and voidlinux)
\# of course the first is real UNIX and the second wanna be real UNIX.
\#
\# Note 1: do not leave empty lines, it is not problem but may get ugly results.
\# Note 2: MacOS X+ runs on BSD, so there shouldn't be any problem.
\#
\# MAN PAGE HEADER
\#.Nm yj
\#.Nd Convert between YAML, TOML, JSON, and HCL.
.Dd Aug 20, 2020
.Dt YJ 1 "JSON Convertion Tools"
.Os
\#
.Sh NAME
.Nm yj
.Nd Convert between YAML, TOML, JSON, and HCL.
\#
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm yj
.Op Fl y
.Op Fl t
.Op Fl j
.Op Fl c
.Op Fl r
.Op Fl n
.Op Fl e
.Op Fl i
.Op Fl k
.Op Fl h
.Op Fl v
\#
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm yj
converts standard input data to YAML, TOML, JSON, or HCL formats.
It preserves the map order.
.Pp
Supported formats and versions
.Bl -bullet -offset indent
.It
YAML v1.2
.D1 <http://gopkg.in/yaml.v3>
.It
TOML v1.0.0-rc.1
.D1 <http://github.com/pelletier/go-toml>
.It
JSON - RFC 7159 Encoding/JSON
.D1 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7159>
.It
HCL v1
.D1 <http://github.com/hashicorp/hcl>
.El
\#
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds 
.It Fl n
Do not covert inf, -inf, and NaN to/from strings (YAML or TOML only)
.br
.It Fl e
Escape HTML (JSON out only)
.br
.It Fl i
Indent output (JSON or TOML out only)
.br
.It Fl k
Attempt to parse keys as objects or numbers types (YAML out only)
.br
.It Fl h
Show this help message
.br
.It Fl v
Show version
.br
.It Fl yj, y
YAML to JSON (default)
.br
.It Fl yy     
YAML to YAML
.br
.It Fl yt     
YAML to TOML
.br
.It Fl yc     
YAML to HCL
.br
.It Fl tj, t
TOML to JSON
.br
.It Fl ty     
TOML to YAML
.br
.It Fl tt     
TOML to TOML
.br
.It Fl tc     
TOML to HCL
.br
.It Fl jj     
JSON to JSON
.br
.It Fl jy, r
JSON to YAML
.br
.It Fl jt     
JSON to TOML
.br
.It Fl jc     
JSON to HCL
.br
.It Fl cy     
HCL to YAML
.br
.It Fl ct     
HCL to TOML
.br
.It Fl cj, c
HCL to JSON
.br
.It Fl cc     
HCL to HCL
.El
\#
\# .Sh ENVIRONMENT
\# related environment variables goes here
\#
\# .Sh FILES
\# configuration files goes here
\#
\# .Sh NOTES
\#
.Sh EXAMPLES
The following example displays the results of ips-find in human readable format:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
$ wget https://api.ipfs-search.com/v1/search\\?q=linux -O results.json
$ cat results.json | yj -i -jt
.Ed
\#
\# .Sh SEE ALSO
\# .Xr csh 1 ,
\# .Xr ksh 1
\#
.Sh CONFORMING TO
RFC 7159 Encoding/JSON
.D1 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7159>
\#
\# .Sh HISTORY
\#
.Sh AUTHOR
\#.An Stephen Levine Aq Mt nobody@FreeBSD.org
.An Stephen Levine
.br
.Lk https://github.com/sclevine/yj
\#
\# .Sh BUGS 
\# known problems goes here
\#
\# EOF
